when news of an AirAsia flight from
Indonesia Surabaya to Singapore that has
lost contact with the air traffic
control the aircraft is an Airbus 320
200 with 155 people on board these are
the the information that we are getting
from the officials that this is an
Airbus AirAsia flight that had taken off
from Australia at 6:15 that is the local
time there and was supposed to reach
Singapore around 8:30 today and it has
now lost contact with the air traffic
control it is in fact carrying hundred
and fifty-five people on board with the
crew now remember there is there is no
distress signal that we are learning
that the flight had sent to the control
room we are also getting information
that it had in fact ours to take a
different than normal route this does
you know take back the memory to the
March 8th the Malaysian airline that has
in fact lost contact with the control
room unfortunately went missing we
really hope that contact is made with
this AirAsia airline soon but questions
and concerns really arising because
there is no contact with this aircraft
the the Indonesian control room waiting
for some sort of signal some sort of
contact that can be made with this
remember it's it's 155 plus people
that's passengers and crew on board the
the last contact was made before 6:17
a.m. local time and since then there has
been no contact in fact the flight was
scheduled to land in Singapore at 8:30
a.m. local time that's 0 0 30 GMT but
there has been no no sign no news or
for that landing the Singapore
of course Airport is flashing delayed as
the status for that flight are really
hoping that the fight is in fact just
delayed and we get to hear of the safety
of all passenger